[EDU-3848] deploy overview (#639)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/deploy-journey/overview/overview.mdx

---

> title: Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Deploy Overview
```

description: Azion Deploy products are designed to enhance the efficiency of managing edge resources in real time.
meta_tags: deploy, orchestrator
namespace: docs_deploy_overview
menu_namespace: deployMenu
og_image: ''
permalink: /documentation/products/deploy/overview/
---

import Button from '~/components/Button.astro'

Azion Deploy products are designed to enhance the efficiency of managing edge resources in real time.  

> ## Orchestrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edge Orchestrator
```

> Azion Edge Orchestrator is a versatile cloud management and provisioning service, specifically engineered for edge infrastructures and applications. It empowers operators and customers to manage and control edge resources in real-time, including the deployment, updating, and management of various components such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azion Edge Orchestrator is a versatile cloud management and provisioning service, specifically engineered for edge infrastructures and applications. It empowers operators and customers to manage and control edge resources in real time, including the deployment, update, and management of various components such as:
```

- [Edge Services](/en/documentation/products/deploy/overview/#edge-services)
- [Edge Nodes](/en/documentation/products/deploy/overview/#edge-nodes)

> The Orchestrator is adaptable to various environments, capable of running natively on the operating system, within containers, or on top of the [Azion Edge Runtime]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edge Orchestrator is adaptable to various environments, capable of running natively on the operating system, within containers, or on top of the [Azion Edge Runtime]().
```

![Overview deploy](/assets/docs/images/uploads/deploy-draft.png)

> An Azion Edge Orchestrator agent is installed on the edge nodes and provides end-to-end encrypted remote node management from Real-Time Manager.

Reviewer: pra usar o "the" antes de "edge nodes" tem que ter algum complemento. the edge nodes of Azion network, por exemplos

> An Azion Edge Orchestrator agent is installed on the edge nodes and provides end-to-end encrypted remote node management from Real-Time Manager.

Author: ```suggestion
An Azion Edge Orchestrator agent is installed on edge nodes and provides end-to-end encrypted remote node management from Real-Time Manager.
```

> When Azion Orchestrator Agent is installed on a device and the device is authorized, it now represents an Edge Node. A service can be linked to many edge nodes. When a service is updated, it will automatically be deployed to the edge nodes to which it's related.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Azion Orchestrator Agent is installed on a device and the device is authorized, it now represents an Edge Node. A service can be linked to many edge nodes. When a service is updated, it'll automatically be deployed to the edge nodes to which it's related.
```

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/deploy/edge-orchestrator/" text="go to edge orchestrator reference documentation" variant="secondary" target="_blank"></Button>

### Edge Services

> Azion Edge Services facilitates resource registration and configuration through the [Real-Time Manager(RTM)](), enabling service orchestration on specified edge nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Azion Edge Services facilitates resource registration and configuration through [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](), enabling service orchestration on specified edge nodes.
```

> It allows configuration of install, uninstall, and reload triggers, and definition of resource dependencies for edge network service execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It allows you to configure install, uninstall, and reload triggers, and define resource dependencies for edge network service execution.
```

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/deploy/edge-orchestrator/edge-services/" text="go to edge services reference documentation" variant="secondary" target="_blank"></Button>

### Edge Nodes

> An edge node is a device that has Azion Orchestrator Agent installed with the due credentials configured and authorized on the platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An edge node is a device that has Azion Orchestrator Agent installed with the due credentials and is configured and authorized on the platform.
```

Edge Orchestrator allows customers to manage their own edge nodes, independent of the Azion distributed network. To start provisioning applications, it's essential to configure the edge nodes.

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/deploy/edge-orchestrator/edge-node/" text="go to edge node reference documentation" variant="secondary" target="_blank"></Button>

### Credentials 

Credentials are keys used to authenticate edge nodes.

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/deploy/credentials/" text="go to credentials reference documentation" variant="secondary" target="_blank"></Button>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
